right tandoori tikka prawns really
simple to do let's start off with our
yogurt
all right tubby yogurt and some prawns
they look lovely don't they
I've taken off the shell I talked to you
about those in a minute nice bit of
local yogurt you want about a tub of 150
grams that's it and then pop that
straight into a bowl now to that you
want a teaspoon of ground cumin okay
half a teaspoon of chili powder yeah I
know yeah okay yeah it won't be long now
look the more you talk to me that the
less time I'm gonna get it done yeah
okay and half a teaspoon of turmeric all
right one teaspoon of cumin 1/2 teaspoon
of chili and half a teaspoon of turmeric
and I'll get out a few drops of cotton
oh and don't use that artificial
coloring stuff you don't want that
cochineal is completely natural and
that's the stuff you want to buy in your
shops or supermarkets and a few drops of
that garlic inside and just stir that
together remember I only put a few drops
of the cotton ale in there and that's
how you get that authentic tandoori
colour that's what you're looking for
pepper and some salt now just grab hold
of your prawns just to show you what
I've done here look at those now the
shell I've removed the Shelf and around
here I've kept the tail on and remove
the head and then literally just dump
those straight into your marinade and
and when you start thinking of things
like tandoori chicken tandoori lamb
anything like that this is the basic
pace for it all it really is so simple
but yeah it is made to be a snack right
let's get these on the barbie
you're only going to take a couple of
minutes but look at those tandoori
prawns so simple to make lovely okay
girls right a time I'll just pop these
pawns on yeah lemons will be lovely
clear thanks a lot
hey hey we ready here girls I think
we're about there there you go
oh I think I'm gonna pop these on the
plate
[Music]
you